Fix bugs and update UG (#203)
AY2223S2-CS2103T-W14-1/tp: docs/UserGuide.md

**Compulsory Arguments**

- `-cn client_name`

>     - The client’s name. Alphanumerical characters only. Case sensitive.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - The client’s name.
```

- `-e email`
    - The client’s email. Must be unique in Mycelium. Case sensitive.

**Optional Arguments**

- `-y year_of_birth`

>     - The client’s year of birth. A valid year of birth is between 1900 and 2023, inclusive.

Reviewer: based on the YearOfBirth class it should be [0000, 9999]
```suggestion
    - The client’s year of birth. Any combination of four digits is acceptable.
```
